Spread 4.2.0  http://www.spread.org

Spread Concepts LLC is happy to announce the release of a 
new stable version, 4.2.0, of the Spread toolkit. 

The Spread 4.2 release is an important bugfix release for the Spread project. 
This release has a large number of small changes which include bugfixes,
very specific performance improvements, and general improvements to the code 
and build process.

The main new features of this release are:

1) Added Keepalive support to client-server TCP connections. Requires correct
   operating system values set for keepalives in order to be useful. 
2) Switch internal code to use MONOTONIC clocks when available and appropriate
   to remove chance of system clock changes (from the clock being set) from affecting
   message processing
3) Break out events, memory, data_link and alarm code into separate 
   libspread-util package. This package also has a number of improvements in
   the functionality of those code files which are listed in the internal
   package release notes. 

It also includes a number of important bug fixes. The most significant include:

1) Fix bug with structure size on 64 bit platforms causing crash.
2) Fix several deadlock, crashes and race conditions in java Listener code.
3) Fix 100 ms timeout in java socket handling code so it does not corrupt 
   messages that take a long time to arrive. 
4) Fix java disconnect bug that prevented client from reconnecting until restarted.
5) Remove cause of slow message delivery when a client is receiving a lot of
   messages and gets into a badger state. 
6) Improve help output and error messages in utility programs. 
7) Fix token hurry bug that caused messages to have a 2 second latency in 
   specific circumstances.
8) Fix crash bug when new daemon configuration files are loaded while the
   system is running. 

This release does not include any API changes, so applications should
be able to be relinked or recompiled with the new Spread library without
changes. 

Spread is a toolkit that provides a high performance messaging service
that is resilient to faults across external or internal
networks. Spread functions as a unified message bus for distributed
applications, and provides highly tuned application-level multicast
and group communication support. Spread services range from reliable
message passing to fully ordered messages with delivery guarantees,
even in case of computer failures and network partitions.

Please be aware, that under the Spread Open Source License, the toolkit may 
be freely used only under some conditions. For example, the license includes 
the requirement that all advertising materials (including web pages) 
mentioning software that uses Spread display a specific acknowledgment. 
Please review the license agreement for more details.
http://www.spread.org/license/

Other commercial licenses or other licensing arrangements are available. 
Please contact info@spreadconcepts.com. 

